hi everyone so I wanted to make a quick
video just telling you merry christmas i
hope that you guys are having a
wonderful day with your friends and your
family and you're just with the people
that you care about and your closest to
and that you really love that's
basically what the holidays are about
it's just getting to spend time with the
people that you truly cherish and love
being around and and if you don't
celebrate Christmas then I want to say I
hope that you're having a wonderful
holiday season with whatever holiday
that you celebrate and I hope that
everything is just going in your favor
this year and basically I just wanted to
let you guys know that truly from the
bottom of my heart this year I am so so
thankful for you guys and what you have
done for me and like with me through my
YouTube experience and career I know
that that sounds like really cheesy and
stuff but if you don't know I started
out on youtube a year ago like a year
ago like I think maybe tomorrow on
Christmas Day so um which actually I
guess would be today if you're watching
you on Christmas I'm filming this like
30 minutes before it turns Christmas
here just because I want this video to
be out the second that it is Christmas
for everyone and that basically I want
you guys to know that you have done so
many things for me that maybe you don't
even realize like just the opportunities
that you guys have allowed me to have
their YouTube you know I've met an
amazing amount of people you know just
really great genuine people that you
know I'm like best friends with from
youtube so that's just that's something
really cool to me and I am definitely
very appreciative of everything you guys
have ever done for me whether it be
comment or like a video or subscribe I
mean you've just done amazing amazing
things for me and I am truly
appreciative of that so I want to let
you guys know that I also wanted to ask
you guys a quick question and if you
guys would be interested in and seeing a
what I got for Christmas video I don't
necessarily want to call it a whole
video and because I you know I don't
know it just doesn't really rub me the
right way and but I know that I've
gotten comments you know asking if I'm
going to do one and so if you want to
see that definitely leave a comment
below and like the video so that I
know that you know I should make one um
just because I feel like there will be a
lot of negativity that goes along with
that video and so if a lot of people
don't really want to see it then I don't
really want to have to go through you
know hater comments and different things
like that but if a bunch of you guys do
you want to see it of course I'm going
to do it for you guys and so yeah I just
let me know down in the comments below
because I'm kind of at a loss at whether
or not I'm going to do that or not and
also know that the video might not be
posted for a couple of days it might not
be posted until maybe like a couple of
days or a week after Christmas just
because I get a lot of Christmas money
and I want to go out and get things for
Christmas and I want to include those in
the video because I feel like you know
if I spend my Christmas money on that
then that is a Christmas present you
know what I mean I bought it with my
Christmas money so it should be included
in the video as well and then I don't
just want to show you a few different
things and then leave out the majority
of the things that I received for
Christmas so and because some of the
things were ordered and they're not in
by Christmas you know what I mean so it
might not be posted exactly on christmas
day or the next day but please be
patient if I do decide to do it I will
let you guys know on my Twitter or my
facebook and so Winx are down there of
course I know that this is a pretty long
video it's kind of just ramble on and
stuff but hope you guys are having a
wonderful day like I said don't forget
to comment down below thumb up the video
and like I said I just hope you guys are
having a wonderful wonderful christmas
and i will be thinking of you guys bye